I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Babysitting!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
are going out for the evening.
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig
are going to baby-sit.
Granny Pig, Grandpa Pig!
Ganggy lg! Baba lg!
Hello, my little ones!
Hello.
Peppa, George.
lnto your beds! Quick!
Goodnight, my little piggies!
Goodnight. Sleep tight!
Goodnight, Mummy.
Goodnight, Daddy!
What little darlings!
Now go to sleep quickly.
Yes, Mummy.
So Well behaved!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig are
leaving for their evening out.
Peppa and George are so good.
They just fell asleep
When Mummy Pig told them to!
This babysitting is easy!
George? George, are you awake?
Shhh!
What strange noises.
I Wonder if We should
check upstairs...
Peppa, George?
Are you awake?
Well, I never, fast asleep.
So, it Wasn't Peppa and
George making all that noise.
I can't hear anything.
I think they really have fallen asleep.
Let's Watch some television.
Gardening. Today We are
talking about ''Roses''.
Oh, I love
gardening programs!
The Gavesgate is a
particularly thorny rose.
To prune it, start by
lopping off the head
and then snip away
the budding shoots.
Granny Pig?
Peppa? George?
You should be in bed asleep!
George and I
are not sleepy at all.
Can We Watch Tv
With you?
Well... I suppose Watching a little Tv
might make you sleepy.
Hurray!
Icelandic Roses are a rare treat
for the discerning
horticulturist.
But they are prone to lobbing
in temperate habitats.
This program is very boring.
Grandpa Pig?
Can you play that game
Where you throw us up
and catch us?
Okay, but just one turn each!
Wheeeee!
Phew... You seem
heavier than before.
Now it's
George's turn.
Wheeee!
My turn!
Wheee!
Higher! Higher!
Maybe Grandpa Pig
is a bit tired.
I know! Granny Pig, let's play catch!
Err...
You're ''It''!
Catch us if you can!
Can't catch me!
I'm going to catch you!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
are back home.
I hope our little piggies
are asleep.
Hello? Anyone here?
The little piggies
are asleep!
And so are the big piggies!